
Spencer Text Adventure Game

Step by step Algorithm

    The user choices a character class by number or text input.

    Checks if the user wants to continue with this character before
    proceeding or if they want to pick a different one.

    The user will be given a description of the area and a list of 
    choice of were they can go to or what they can do if any is available.

    Each location will have new paths for them to head towards or NPC's that 
    they can interact with or attack, if given the choice.

    There are some exclusive choice or events base on what class the user choice.

    Base on your decision the game will either continue or kill the users character.

    The objective is to complete a quest given by the towns mayor.  Once that quest 
    is completed the game is over.

    If the user wins or looses they can choice to continue or quit

    Continuing will start at last choice before they die or start from the character 
    selection if they won.

    Quitting will close the program.




Game:

Choose from number of chracters

1.) Warriar
2.) Theif
3.) Mage
4.) Archer
5.) Paladin

After picking a character you get a discription and state and weakness

Condition if you want this chracter or go back and choice another one
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
You start in a small town with 6 choices to do

1.) Go to the Town Hall
2.) General Store
3.) Magic Shop
4.) Inn
5.) Church
6.) Exit Town

Then Game will tell you to Head to the Town Hall first.

You meet the mayer and he ask you to kill a "Monster" that treating the town.
You can choice to accept or not.  Not accepting will end the game.
You can talk to the may for more information or leave the building.

The general store will sell you potion, if you a warriar or archer.
If your a Mage he hell tell you to try the magic shop.
If your a Paladin hell tell you to head to the church.
If your a theif he will refuse to do work with you.

You can ask questions but not if your a theif.

The Magic shope will sell you magic potion if you a mage
if your a warrior or archer hell tlel you to try the general store
if your a paladin hell tell you to head to the church
if your a theif he will refuse to do work with you.

You can ask questions but not if your a theif.

In the Inn you cant walk to the owner or a man in a shadowy corner

You can talk to the owner and talk to him.

You can talk to the shadowy corner man but wont say a thing.
If you a theif he will talk to you can sell you posions and lock picks.

In the church you can talk to the prist
He will tell you about the monster.
If you a paladin he will give you holy water and a blessing
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
If you exit the town you will be at a cross road with 5 choices.

1.) North to the Mountions
2.) West to a dark forest
3.) East to the marsh land
4.) South East to a grave yard
5.) South to the town. 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------
In the Dark Forest were you meet a hunter
He's looking for his dog who was chaseing a deer
You go deeper in to the forest looking for it


To reach the dog, you must enter: Up, Left, Left, Up, Up, Right, Up, Right
If you dotn enter in the correct order you end up right back were you are.
If the input order is correct you will find the dog sleeping near a tree.
You go up to the dog but get surrounded by wolves.
